look at Roger Smith founder Roger Smith
hey Robert
we
well
easy easy Genesis interview like this as
a field of you ask questions how's it
feel to be a guitar time riding a small
Greek bike feels like it being a guitar
Tecna driving slow great night but you
sure yeah ya know so we're sure
great actor
Oh
it's a bigger than a neighborhood oh
this trouble Robin every one of these
babies ladies and I saw your other side
like to do that good
but no
I wish the right all right oh yeah yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah there we go
hey hold up it's got everything out what
I get
what is this
if you look at the gear chair oh gosh
just let down three jobs three I think
it's sick dig make it look at the yeah
look at the caddy no hey guys
the media frenzy regardless we know this
to the car for Taylor Lee on the hoods
for is it for the car for the Taylor
that's right huh no way wow that's funny
them so does but can you imagine that
light flickers look at this residual gas
official is hand-painting just sick